## The Mid-Autumn Festival

China, having a long history, has plenty of traditional holidays, and most of which have stories that passed thousands of generations. One of my favorite holidays is the Mid-Autumn Festival, which has already passed last month. But I do invite you to enjoy it with us next year.   

Mid-Autumn Festival was celebrated during the autumn full moon, 15th day of the 8th lunar month, which is around the middle of September. Traditionally, people gather together for harvesting and often to worship the Mountain God. Today, Mid-Autumn Festival is a very important day for family reunion. Mid-Autumn day has the brightest and roundest full moon during the year, and in Chinese, "round" have the same pronunciation as "reunion", so on that day, families often have a reunion dinner. Most of the younger generations will have an afternoon off or at least have a chance to leave for home early. The older generation will do the cooking and everybody will sit together and talk. There is a special food called mooncake which is my that is eaten during Mid-Autumn Festival. Mooncake consists a pastry skin wrapping a sweet, dense filling and the fillings comes in great varieties. The crust is usually salty egg yolk which is why I like it so much.

After a family meal, we often go outside and watch the moon. As I have explained the moon would be bright and large, we enjoy what we can have a look once a year. Often the children get very excited and they meet other children and play with each other under the full moon. For adults there is a good chance that they will meet their friends so they often talk with each other.

There are other traditions associated with the festival. For example, in my hometown, there is a great tidal bore around that day that you can watch. Also there is an interesting fact that often, the day after Mid-Autumn Festival have the roundest moon instead of the Mid-Autumn Day. So next year, I invite you to celebrate Mid-Autumn Festival with your family and take a look at the roundest and brightest moon.
