## Article 1 of the United States Constitution

Before the American Revolution, America was colonized by Britain, and colonists hated to be governed by monarchy. Under the British rule, restrictions were imposed and threatened individual freedoms, so Americans were willing to make sacrifice for a revolution in hopes of establishing a new government that could truly protect people's rights. The United States Constitution was a collaborative effort of the Framers, as a document that described the newly formed government. Article I, described what was called a bicameral system. This set up the intelligent design of “Congress”, which is the most important part in the Constitution that expressed the idea of how American society could "secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity". 

A government can be both protective and destructive as demonstrated by history. In a modern world, more and more countries are embracing democracy, and government that does not have support from people tend to be overthrown. So it was very important for the newly established government to be designed in a correct way. Congress consisted of two branches, Senate and House of Representatives. Members of the House of Representatives were apportioned on the basis of each state's population and were elected by the People. John Locke, who had a strong influence in Framer's opinion on writing the Constitution, said that when a society formed after the period of "State of Nature", people tend to "be restrained from invading others' rights and from doing hurt to one another". So if the government was to protect people's rights, they must represent people's opinions. Apportioning by population ensured that there were enough government officials to represent all citizens, regardless of size of states and whether population would grow or shrink in the future. Everyone had a chance to be heard, so that everyone can be blessed by protection of liberty from the government. 

Popular elections could sometimes bring problems. "A single orator, or an artful statesman, was generally seen to rule as complete a sway as if a scepter had been placed in his single hand". So another part of the Congress, called Senators, were chosen by the Congress itself. Each state, no matter large or small, had two senates and each of them only had one vote. This exercise gave small states equal chances to express themselves. The Senate also served as a balance of power that ensured each state had their own power that was enough for them to give opinions on important policies or decisions. 

In conclusion, the design of congress aimed to make sure there's enough government officials that can hear everyone's voices. Being able to speak is the most important part of securing liberty - only if the government can hear and deliberate on each individual's ideas can they know how to best exercise power to protect American people's rights.

